# OWD Steering Committee call, 30-08-2023

**Present:** Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Robert Nyman (Google), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), Jonathan Davis (Apple)

**Regrets:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD),  Brian Smith (Mozilla), ​​Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla),  Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Rachel Andrew (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Michael Smith (W3C), Lola Odelola, Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet),

**Chair**: Estelle

**Note taker:** everyone?

## Agenda

1. GC updates
    - TPAC session proposed. See slack channel. Join if you’re going to TPAC. We proposed a session for MDN. Ruth has been pinged to join the session at TPAC. About technical writing and having docs discovered.
    - Building relationships discussion
    - Waiting to hear back from NLNet - 5th of september is the announcement date.
2. OWD Projects
    - Embedding
        - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ccv-VvNv4F1LbDJ9N4Xxi7CIXaWUElgkle2FSNotF20/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ccv-VvNv4F1LbDJ9N4Xxi7CIXaWUElgkle2FSNotF20/edit) - where we are/what we have. please read the google doc.
            - “web-docs-data” - package to build JSON from MDN, BCD, webref
            - “web-handbook”  - demo (Firefox devtools extension) 
            - Vinyl will start helping out!
            - Feedback? #embedding channel is a good place for that.
                - We may want to start talking to potential users.
                - At the moment, it’s only CSS properties, but it will be expandable. Next will be HTML.
                - Patrick - conversation with VS Code - the conversation died but has been revised. They could start using this experimentally.
                - Will - we also have at rules. Will take a look at HTML
    - CSS modules - no report
    - Glossary - Up to ASCII - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28718](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28718)
        - Will: identity crisis. No good place to talk about conceptual stuff like “top layer” - not a feature, interface, or method, so it goes into glossary. But that’s not where it belongs. It’s an IA issue. Concepts like “mapLike” or secureContextNeeded.
    - PR reviews - no report - 88 currently open. Keep it under 100.
    - Issues / Discussions
        - HTML/CSS/JS [Language header poll](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/426#discussioncomment-6854646)
        - [Seel also (slack chat](https://open-web-docs.slack.com/archives/C01QKJ4NHA5/p1692926769539829))
            - Port this discussion to a public spot
        - Learning Area - assessments are not working well: ([https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/28584](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/28584) ).
            - Will: assessments are being completed, how is the work checked?  Ask in Mozilla’s discourse. It didn’t scale: no one is looking at the discourse. We should look at how people can mark their own assessments. Discussion will be started
        - Events - bubbling and canceling: [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/28561](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/28561) , [https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22198](https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/22198) . Did we lose something important in the refactor of events?
            - Will: when we refactored, the table containing bubble or not was removed. Now we only put in prose if it doesn’t bubble. Starting a discussion.
        - Learn area: tables at the top? [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/249#discussioncomment-6827632](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/249#discussioncomment-6827632)  
            - It should be a datalist.
            - Are the tables really helpful? Will made a spreadsheet. Look at the above link / discussion. Should we keep them? If yes, let’s reformat them.
            - Patrick: The objective should be before the prerequisites.
            - Will: there is a good case for having it: consistency.
        - glossary
    - Other repositories- no report
    - OWD blog- no report
3. Outside OWD Projects
    - Mozilla -- no report
    - Other -- no report
4. Announcements
    - TPAC: - no report
    - OWD planned PTO
        - Florian returns Sept 4.
        - Estelle out Sept 5 to 8
        - Sept 4 is a holiday in USA and Canada (Estelle, Will, & Dipika. Vinyl will still be around)
        - Vinyl will be partially away Oct. 7-15 for family
    - Other OOO
        - Brian on paternity leave: Sept 17 - Oct 16
5. Other
    - Mozilla is planning to stop the editorial meeting, which is the main place where MDN maintainers (OWD, MDN, independents) can talk about MDN content issues.
        - Was decided at all hands
        - The meeting is attended by MDN writers, occasionally engineers, OWD, and volunteers.
        - [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#heading=h.z74cfgrb0siz](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ANeo9ZlQMLPrX_4xsQXkItEnXCAOJYoVQQrZqLQEKlI/edit#heading=h.z74cfgrb0siz)
        - There should be a forum for maintainers where issues can be discussed.

## Notes

- Patrick: GC meeting: TPAC session proposed for MDN and OWD (https://github.com/w3c/tpac2023-breakouts/issues/57), and there is a channel on Slack to talk about TPAC.
- Estelle: cull some of the glossary? Or expand it into a useful dictionary
