# OWD Steering Committee call, 19-07-2023

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft), Ruth John (Mozilla), Jory Burson (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD)

**Regrets:** Hamish Willee (Mozilla), Michael Smith (W3C), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Eric Meyer (Igalia), Robert Nyman (Google), Rachel Andrew (Google), Kyle Pflug (Microsoft),  Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C),  Lola Odelola, Laura Moringo (Samsung Internet), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD)

**Chair**: Florian
**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. Announcements
    - OWD &lt;-> Mozilla FAQ: [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project#faq](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project#faq)
        - Does this clear things up?
    - Blog post
        - Tl;dr: We will continue to work on mdn/content and BCD
        - We are not working on a fork
        - We would like to work more on making it possible to embed docs so they can appear independently of a single presentation.
        - Feedback/Questions?
2. Current project work
    - [CSS Modules](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147)
        - [DRAFT: Selectors and Pseudo-elements module pages](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27590)
        - Namespace module, cascade module, shadow parts module, selector structure, selectors and combinators, namespace combinator landed.
    - [Page types](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/91)
        - [WebAssembly](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27737): Need to figure out what to do with namespaces.
        - [Add page-types to remaining pages](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/27785)
    - [Interoperable features](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/153)
        - No update.
3. H2 project planning
    - Tracking issue [https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/171](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/171)
    - New projects:
        - Embeddable HTML and CSS docs
        - Secure the Web Forward workshop attendance - deadline july 28
4. Other
    - (Vinyl) Announcement: writing guidelines updated to match modern conventions
    - (Vinyl) Invite the localization team leads to the OWD Slack?
    - Blog posts: two needing reviews
    - ShopTalk Show
    - Updates from non-OWD staff?

## Notes

- FAQ: In the Mozilla AI discussion it was obvious many people are confused about  the OWD-Mozilla relationship, this FAQ is intended to clarify things for people. Ruth: the FAQ makes sense. Jory: would love feedback from Mozilla on this document. We can talk about changes. Should it also live on MDN, since it is about the relationship. Could live at [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/community](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/community) or [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/plus/docs/faq](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/plus/docs/faq) ?
- “Maximizing impact” blog post shared with Ruth and Hermina as well for feedback. Will be published this week.
- WebAssembly page types and namespaces, Will will comment on this.
- OWD Slack: yes to l10n people. Should we make it easier to invite people? Estelle: propose that we continue to check with the existing people before inviting new people.
- Other blog posts: should go out _after_ the “Maximizing impact” one.
- Florian: the SC meeting is the place for discussion of OWD’s work, requests for feedback, etc. Jory: we are open to exploring other ways for people to communicate. 
- Florian: as an independent nonprofit, OWD should not offer advice about commercial products.
- TPAC: Jory, will any MDN folk be there? Ruth: possibly her and Brian but uncertain.
- ShopTalk podcast: [https://shoptalkshow.com/574/](https://shoptalkshow.com/574/)
- Ruth work update: Firefox updates, temporal, CSS nesting, highlight APIs.
- Jory has had OWD email problems, please resend if you didn’t get a response to an email you sent.
