# OWD Steering Committee call, 20-09-2023

**Present:** Florian Scholz (OWD), Estelle Weyl (OWD), William Bamberg (OWD), Vinyl Da.i'gyu-Kazotetsu (OWD), Eric Meyer (Igalia)

**Regrets:** Jean-Yves Perrier (OWD), Dipika Bhattacharya (Mozilla), Brian Smith (Mozilla), Ruth John (Mozilla), Hamish Willee (Mozilla), ​​Robert Nyman (Google), Rachel Andrew (Google),Kyle Pflug (Microsoft), Xidorn Quan (Canva), Dominique Hazael-Massieux (W3C), Michael Smith (W3C), Jonathan Davis (Apple), Patrick Brosset (Microsoft)

**Chair**: Florian

**Note taker:** Will

## Agenda

1. Announcements
    - The BCD maintainers meeting is now weekly again, given the renewed focus on BCD. Let me know if you want to be added to the invite.
    - TPAC was great. Blog post to be published tomorrow.
2. GC updates
    - None
3. Projects
    - [OWD project: Attend W3C Secure the web forward workshop #175](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/175)
        - Virtual workshop takes place next week
        - Assessing MDN Web security docs
        - Will discuss new content structures and docs needed with security experts.
    - [OWD project: Grouping of web platform features with W3C WebDX CG #169](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/169)
        - Met with Daniel and Kadir at TPAC 
        - Next step: break this up into tasks/next steps
    - [OWD BCD project: Implement a process for updating BCD whenever a new browser release is available #168](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/168)
        - Met with Philip and Daniel yesterday
        - Will break this up into tasks/next steps as well
        - Philip to retire his version of the collector
        - Happy to move Vinyl’s version of collector to the OWD GitHub org.
        - Bocoup resumes work, see [https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/20209](https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/20209) for moving the update-bcd script into BCD.
    - [OWD BCD project: 2020+ accuracy for HTML and SVG #160](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/160)
        - Florian to swap roles with Vinyl: Florian will create PRs and Vinyl will review
    - [OWD Project:](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147) [CSS: specification module landing pages](https://github.com/openwebdocs/project/issues/147)
        - Working on [CSS generated content](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_generated_content) module and [content](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/content) property
    - Glossary
        - Just [Asynchronous](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Asynchronous)
        - Review for dialog welcome - [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/29195](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/29195) 
4. Other
    - Replacement for MDN editorial meeting. Repurpose this meeting, or start a separate one?
    - New template for CSS functional notation: [https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28953](https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/28953)
    - @yarusome has proposed 2 (or 4) new CSS page types: [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/447](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/447)
    - Hamish and Josh have a plan to make macros case-sensitive and give them consistent names: [https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/448](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/discussions/448)
5. Holidays
    - Vinyl away for family vacation October 7-15

## Notes

- Vinyl: BCD meeting could have a US-friendly version: if you are interested, ask. Eric is interested.
- Florian: WebDX/grouping WP features were discussed in TPAC. Relevant to Baseline. Florian and Daniel to figure out how to break this down. Daniel currently working on caniuse parity, caniuse could also benefit from some improvements.
- Florian: BCD collector will move into OWD org.
- Vinyl: do we want to prioritize moving the collector? Florian: If it's not much work, yes. Vinyl: most of the work is updating everything to point to the new collector version. Florian: then should have an OWD project/issue about it where we can understand what is involved and plan the work.
- Estelle: webref/formal syntax has a regression in the update to v6, is not showing all constituent types in pages like [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/content](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/content)
- Replace editorial meeting?
  - Vinyl: member invite rules for SC are stricter
  - Florian: yes, we might need to extend the SC meeting if we used it
  - Florian: need for maintainer meeting to discuss hands-on issues
  - Florian: SC should discuss active projects, and people should be able to ask OWD staff for things that they think need our attention. Editorial meeting is more hands-on day to day how should we proceed with shared projects.
  - Estelle: editorial has no need for progress reports/status updates. 2 different meetings. Proposal: every other week in different timezones.
  - Will: community call proposal from Mozilla does not meet our needs: designing the replacement for the editorial meeting should be collaborative, not a unilateral/internal process
